Readme migration from common (#768)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/blend-renderer/README.md

# Blend renderer

Blend a hillshade with a raster by specifying the elevation data. The resulting raster looks similar to the original raster, but with some terrain shading, giving it a textured look.

![Image of blend renderer](blend-renderer.png)

## Use case

> `BlendRenderer` can be used to apply a color ramp to a hillshade to emphasize areas of high or low elevation. A `BlendRenderer` can also be used to add a hillshade effect to aerial or satellite imagery, thereby making changes in elevation more visible.

Author: ```suggestion
A blend renderer can be used to apply a color ramp to a hillshade to emphasize areas of high or low elevation. A blend renderer can also be used to add a hillshade effect to aerial or satellite imagery, thereby making changes in elevation more visible.
```

6. Create the ArcGIS/samples directory, `mkdir ArcGIS/samples/raster`.

> 7. You should now have the following directory on your target device, `/sdcard/ArcGIS/samples/raster`. We will copy the contents of the downloaded data into this directory. Note:  Directory may be slightly different on your device.

Author: ```suggestion
7. You should now have the following directory on your target device, `/Android/data/com.esri.arcgisruntime.sample.blendrenderer/files/`. We will copy the contents of the downloaded data into this directory. Note:  Directory may be slightly different on your device.
```

Author: not committing because it needs more changes above

Reviewer: will be handled in a follow up PR

8. Exit the shell with the, `exit` command.
9. While still in your command prompt, navigate to the root folder where you extracted the contents of the data from step 1 and execute the following command:

> 	`adb push shasta-elevation/. /sdcard/ArcGIS/samples/raster`

Author: ```suggestion
	`adb push shasta-elevation/. /Android/data/com.esri.arcgisruntime.sample.blendrenderer/files/`
```

	Link | Local Location
	---------|-------|
	|[shasta-elevation.zip](https://arcgisruntime.maps.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=caeef9aa78534760b07158bb8e068462)| `<sdcard>`/ArcGIS/samples/raster/Shasta.tif 		  |

> 	|			   | `<sdcard>`/ArcGIS/samples/raster/Shasta_Elevation.tif |

Author: ```suggestion
	|			   | /Android/data/com.esri.arcgisruntime.sample.blendrenderer/files/Shasta_Elevation.tif |
```
